What is a gitignore file and what should it include for a Java project?

In gitignore file we can add the extensions of any file which we don't want to include in our code repository. 
If an extension is mentioned in gitignore it will not be added to the GitHub code repository. It should ignore any Java 
related files such as java log files, class files, J2ME, BlueJ, package files and virtual machine crach files and include nothing for a Java project in the source code repository. 

What does fast-forward in Git mean?

Merging the changes from a branch X, which is ahead in commits form another branch Y is known as fast forward. It is known as 
fast forward as Git recognizes that branch X is ahead of branch Y to it moves the pointer of branch y to match the merged commits.
Usually this scenario happens when we need to merge a branch to teh master branch.

Why should you have different branches?

There can be situation when a team is working on a project and each team member is working on a different feature, in that case 
every team member should create a branch and work on their changes and then check by merging master branch changes to their 
branch. If everything works, they can add the finished feature into master branch. This branching ensures that there will be 
a working code with 0 errors and 0 warnings available to demonstrate and multiple people can work on the same project.

In a project how many remote Git repositories do you usually have?

Usually it is a good practice to have all the source code in a single repository which makes it easy to manage. This approach is called 
"mono-repo” approach. There can be some cases where due to nature of the organization and project, multiple repositories can be maintained. 
This approach is known as "multi-repo”. It helps in the cases where access to a specific module of code should be given to say a freelancer
or a contractor by a company, but in large code bases number of repositories grow and are hard to manage.
